which is quite large but you can use any
any cabbage you like how to leave today
you Brown and then half lengthways so
we've got quarters and I just run my
knife actually and then we want to slice
it up for the for the soccer and it's
really it's up to you how thick you make
it how much pain you have how could you
not feel back that easy you get thrown
meister out so try and try and cut it
fairly finely then we're just gonna pop
it in a bowl any kind of really big
chunky bits you can pull out it's up to
you so I'll just keep going and cutting
up the rest of the cabbage chopped it in
your bowl then we're gonna add some salt
and any any salt we just want some
really fine salt or kosher salt
whatever regular table salt is fine and
I'm just gonna go about 3/4 kind of
generous pinches is a fair bit of
cabbage there the rule of thumb is you
really want about one percent by weight
but it's really not super important what
I tend to do is just get some salt and
start max our team working it around
then it looks like I know it looks like
it's good enough very like a huge amount
of gravity but you'll be surprised it's
gonna pack down pop it in the jar so
what we're gonna do is just kind of
mouth watch this salt in I don't usually
like you bitter
and then leave it for a little while
like a few minutes and have a rest and
do something else
I just so I didn't get to but with it I
pull out any chunks like that just ink
so yeah I'll just keep it message for
another few minutes and then let it rest
for 5 minutes or so sound cuts I've
message for about five minutes been
sitting for about five minutes and you
can see conclude like it looks kind of
glassy you like the waters starting to
come out of it be a little bit wet on
the outside which is great so now I'm
just gonna have a little taste
oh so you want it to taste a little bit
salty but no snow already proud that
tastes probably a little bit too salty
but it'll have to do so you know it's
not much you can do by too much salt and
the most thought you are the easier it
is to into the job so it's not such a
bad thing I've actually found what I
enjoy it as much so it's a personal
preference thing around really puts it
down really hard and moisture out the
crap and because we want the
fermentation to happen under liquid and
you're not gonna believe this when you
start packing into a job oh I think you
know it's never gonna get enough liquid
art and in the end it always does so so
I'm just gonna pack it in and just keep
packing it is probably easier with my
hand just squishing down big big brutal
and you'll start to see the link
but all that cabbage packed into the jar
and you wouldn't believe it hey like all
that cabbage in the bowl has packed into
a jar you know I think about feeling
about package are it surprises me every
time I do it so I've just spent a few
minutes really packing it down with my
hand with a spoon hopefully you've gotta
see that there's a fair bit of liquid in
there it's not it's you know more and
more is coming out each time and like it
takes a little while and well sometimes
what I do is that I pack it in and I'm
not getting the liquid I just let it sit
for five minutes walk away from it and
then come back to it and like this salt
draw the liquid I hope this furball in
the background is this story so what we
liquid is really important because the
fermentation has to be has to happen
under under the liquid in anaerobic
environments if it's air there they
lactic acid bacteria can't do their
thing so just keep pushing down with the
screen and if you get really you know
frustrated and you finally not getting
the liquid out you can always just top
it up with a little bit of water but the
problem with water is it's going to
dilute the flavor of the sauerkraut
sometimes you'll get to a point where
you just go oh I couldn't be bothered so
that's looking pretty good to me so okay
so you know that you not completely
submerge there's a lot of fair bit of
that going around so what we're gonna do
now is just put the lid on and let it
sit at for a few days so I'll take
another game tomorrow
sauerkraut have you look on the side
again can't hear any gas coming out but
when I push you can see the heaps of
liquid there now so glad I didn't put
any extra liquid in what we're just
gonna do just push it down so that the
the layers on the top are submerged but
you can see there's bubbles so it
definitely looks like fermentation is
starting to Hamilton and sometimes it
will take more than a day for the
fermentation is disturbed I'm kind of
surprised it's winter here and it's been
really cold but again had they had it
paintin the hit get a fire going so
that's keeping them warm enough so just
push it push down keep up on it and then
just lay them on the kitchen bench we'll
check in again not tomorrow
okay so it's actually day for today
since I put the veg in and I forgot to
check them yesterday so see okay so
that's not a lot of guts coming out of
the sock right yep but if we push it
down you can see that's quite it's
bubbling try to be in and you can see
it's actually starting to smell a bit um
ferment in it so I'm actually going to
going to have a little bit of a taste
lovely so it's got that kind of salty
thing going on it and been obtained and
for me that's so I'm going to push it
down so it's it's submerge I'm going to
pop that in your fridge and I'm happy to
start eating that now but I don't like
myself crack means you strongly flavored
so it's really up to you you know
whether you're happy with the flavor
then you can pop it in the fridge and
see
you